Change overall structure (#35)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/model_overview/methodology/main.tex

The game can thus be partitioned into a normal form game between the
two hospitals and then finding the ambulance service's best strategy. 

Consider Figure \ref{fig:imperfect_info_game} and the flow of the game that was
described (i.e. \(H_A, H_B \rightarrow D\)).
Due to the fact that the payoff matrices \(A\) and \(B\) depend on the routing 
matrix \(R\) the entries of the matrices are calculated in a backwards way 
(\(D \rightarrow H_A, H_B\)). 

> This is done using backwards induction, by first solving the game from the
> ambulance's point of view and then from the hospital's point of view.
> Thus, for every pair of strategies \(T_A, T_B\), the values of \(p_A\) and 
> \(p_B\) that satisfy equation (\ref{eq:obj_distributor}) are found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done using backwards induction. For each action choice of the hospitals, first solve the game from the
ambulance's point of view. This in effect results in a 2 player normal form game representing the hospital's point of view.
Thus, for every pair of strategies \(T_A, T_B\), the values of \(p_A\) and 
\(p_B\) that satisfy equation (\ref{eq:obj_distributor}) are found
```
